---
layout: post
comments: true
title: 'Quotes I like :: Vol. I'
categories:
- TimePass
tags:
  - quotes

---

<ul><li>Expect the best. Prepare for the worst. Capitalize on what comes. - Z Ziglar</li><li>In great attempts it is glorius even to fail. - Cassius Longinus</li><li>The trouble with our times is that the future is not what it used to be. - Paul Valery</li><li>Trying to forget someone you love is trying to remember someone you never met. - Angelina Jolie</li><li>Experience is not what happens to a man. It is what a man does with what happens to him. - Aldous Huxley</li><li>I don't pray for a lighter load, but for a stronger back. - Brookes</li><li>Time ripens all things; no man is born wise. - Miguel de Cervante</li><li>A great civilization is not conquered from without until it has destroyed itself from within. - W.Durant</li><li>The best way out of a difficulty is through it. - Robert Frost</li><li>Every accomplishment begins with a decision to try. - Edward Kelly</li><li>Happiness is nothing more than good health &amp; a bad memory. - Albert Schweitzer</li><li>Most people fail in life because they major in minor things. - Anthony Robbins</li><li>Pick battles big enough to matter, small enough to win. - J.Kozol</li><li>If you aspire to the highest place, it is no disgrace to reach at the second or even the third place. - Cicero</li><li>People generally quarrel because they cannot argue. - G.K.Chesterton</li><li>Millions said the apple fell but Newton was the one to ask why. - Bernard M.Baruch</li><li>Bring ideas in and entertain them royally, for one of them may be the king. - Mark Van Doren</li><li>The powers of mind are like rays of the sun dissipated. When they are concentrated, they illumine. - Swami Vivekananda</li><li>Always behave like a duck - Keep calm and unruffled on the surface but paddle with great vigor underneath. - Jacob Braude</li><li>The aim of argument, or of discussion, should not be victory, but progress. - Joseph Joubert</li><li>At times, it is better to keep your mouth shut and let people wonder if you're fool than to open it and remove all their doubts. - James Sinclair</li><li>A man may die, nations may rise and fall, but an idea lives on. Ideas have endurance without death. - John F.Kennedy</li><li>Always forgive your enemies - Nothing annoys them so much. - Oscar Wilde</li><li>Success is that old ABC - ability, breaks and courage. - Charles Luckman</li><li>If you would not like to be forgotten as soon as you are dead, either write things worth reading or do things worth writing. - Benjamin Franklin</li><li>A Ship is always safe at the shore - but that is NOT what it is built for. - Albert Einstein<br /></li></ul>
