---
layout: post
title: 'Is Mozilla Firefox more secure than Internet Explorer?'
categories:
- Technical
---

Have you ever asked someone why does he/she prefer Mozilla Firefox over Microsoft Internet Explorer? If not, you ask yourself that question. And as I guess (or atleast the surveys say) that the most common answer is:<br /><br /><div style="text-align: center; font-style: italic; font-weight: bold;">“Mozilla Firefox is secure, while Internet Explorer is not”<br /><br /></div>Even that was my opinion also. But well, things aren’t the same as thought about. I was just going through some vulnerability statistics in these browsers and the results laughed at me saying – “Welcome to the real world of security dude!!”<br />Let me give you some overall statistics on vulnerabilities in these applications.<br /><br /><span style="font-weight: bold;">Secunia Vulnerabilities</span>:<br /><br />Mozilla Firefox 3.x        : 68 (11 highly, 1 less, 2 not critical, others unknown) – 0 unpatched<br /><br />Microsoft Internet Explorer 8.x    : 1 (1 less critical) – 1 unpatched<br /><br /><span style="font-size:78%;"><span style="font-style: italic;">(Secunia is a leading Security Analyzing organization)</span></span><br /><br />Even though the turnaround time for patches is comparatively much better in case of Firefox, the Internet Explorer has very few bugs (which are even not very critical).<br /><br />Being a fan of Firefox myself, it was hard to believe the statistics. So I also checked the CVE (Common Vulnerabilities &amp; Exposures) identifiers registered for both Firefox &amp; IE. But even those showed me that Internet Explorer is safe, even safer than Firefox…<br /><br />Well folks, the next time you ask someone to use Firefox instead of Internet Explorer, please find some other reason (instead of telling it is secure).
